you know sometimes you see specs leaked
on a phone or you see some photos that
are leaked about upcoming phones and you
build an idea in your head of what that
phone will be like and sometimes that
idea is wrong so these are the Galaxy
Note templates on the regular Galaxy
Note 10 and I liked them a lot more than
I thought it would now at the briefing
when they first announced these phones I
remembered thinking that shirt like the
note 10 plus really easy phone to just
recognize as being the flagship it's a
very powerful phone very expensive phone
but the note 10 the regular Note 10 felt
but just underwhelming it was it was a
smaller phone 1080p screen a lot of
features that were missing from the big
boy version and it was like the first
thing I actually thought it was like why
does this exist what purpose does a
smaller Note 10 with worst paper specs
have when the traditional Galaxy Note
line is just a flagship product with the
best specs possible but it turns out
both of these phones are really solid
and I've really grown to like the
smaller regular Note 10 now before I get
into the meat of this video I want to
talk about the lack of the headphone
jack on both of these devices both a
note 10 and the note 10 plus no longer
have headphone jacks and Samsung just
straight-up removed them and it sucks I
think they're gonna get a lot of
backlash from note fans and from Samsung
users I really hate that it's gone but
it's just how it's played out now I
don't think Samsung just copied Apple
for the sake of copying I think they did
just follow in Apple's footsteps but the
reason why they did it the reason why I
think they've removed the headphone jack
at this point in time specifically is
because they're now in the position to
actually profit from removing the
headphone jack they've done the math
right clearly people aren't buying
Samsung's phones just because of the
existence of the headphone jack right so
they've turned to the dark side it's
time to dump the jack and to sell you
alongside with their phone a pair of
wireless headphones and I think at this
point in time
the only companies left on the market
that are still making phones with
headphone jacks are companies that just
do not have a pair of popular wireless
headphones to sell alongside with their
phones because everyone else like Apple
Google 1 plus and now Samsung will all
gladly sell you a pair of wireless
headphones to go with your headphone
those phones it's gone I hate that it's
gone but that's just what we have okay
back to the actual phone so the design
of this phone I like the way that these
things look way more in real life than
they did in photos a note on the colors
the aura glow like the kind of shimmery
silver color that they have it looks
really extra in videos and stuff like
that it's got this rainbow sheen to it
it looks crazy like that if you shine a
lot of light on it but I don't think
it's as obnoxious or as loud as it may
seem in videos if you like that look but
you're hesitant because you thought it
might be too bright or too colorful I
think for regular use it's relatively
muted it's just outdoors it really
blasts like you saw the thumbnail in
this video that was shot with just
lights hitting this thing at the right
angle and it just glows but oftentimes
it's just a more of muted silver color
now another thing I really like about
these phones is the frame so these use a
stainless steel frame kind of like heavy
iPhone 10 and 10s have used that same
kind of stainless steel frame around the
phone every other phone that I've used
recently has had an aluminum frame and
the vast majority of premium kind of
flagship phones use an aluminum frame
now this is the one plus 7 pro and I've
dropped this a bunch of times since I've
switched over to it and this material is
soft it scratches dents it's even
cracked the glass in one of the corners
but stainless steel frames are just a
lot stronger not that you're going to be
dropping your phone every day but it's
just a more durable frame material than
aluminum other changes to the note 10
this year the button position so they
got rid of the kind of traditional spot
of the power button or the sleep/wake
button and they've repurposed the Bigsby
button on the left to have that function
and you can customize it so I've set
mine so that a single tap will sleep and
wake the phone a double tap will launch
the camera and then a press and hold
will launch the kind of power menu and
there's just no more bixby functionality
off of that button just by how I've set
it up so it's nice that you can do that
there's just no more accidental Bixby
launches because the button no longer
does that okay the screen so I'm coming
off of the 1 plus 7 Pro when I'm coming
over to this phone and the resolution on
the smaller phone is stuck at Tandy P
and I'll be honest when I first found
out that it was a Tandy P pentile
display on a Galaxy Note I was like what
these
phones are supposed to be via Samsung
flagship these are the galaxy notes
they're supposed to have the highest
resolution screen so you can get on any
Samsung phone it turns out though that
the 1080p screen is very good like maybe
my eyes aren't sharp enough like I can
tell the difference between the 1080p
screen and the 1440p screen you can tell
them apart especially if you have them
right beside each other but there's no
way that I would ever look at the
regular no.10 screen and think this is
insufficient like this is lacking in
some way or another I really think it's
a fantastic screen the shortcoming
though I would say is the lack of high
refresh like a 90 Hertz screen would
have been so nice and coming off the 1 +
7 Pro there is a noticeable difference
between the 60 and 90 Hertz refresh rate
but that's what we have 60 Hertz screens
on Samsung flagships for this year the
hole punch at the top I actually don't
mind it at all I thought I would coming
off the very clean 1 + 7 pro screen but
it's just it's there I really don't seem
to notice it now one of the benefits of
having a 1080p screen is battery life
when you run a lower resolution screen
you just have extended battery life and
this phone does not have a big battery
I'm only getting like four four and a
half hours of screen on time over the
past few days I get it it's a relatively
small device that has a pen there's not
a lot of room in there for a battery but
I was just hopeful that it'd be getting
better than four hours of screen on time
this is still relatively early on in the
whole review process and I'm sure I'm
running some kind of like early hardware
and early software but yeah that's what
we have so far shorter than battery life
than I had hoped and even expected okay
the camera system this is a triple
camera system the note 10 plus has an
added fourth sensor like a depth camera
the photos are clean from what I can see
so far but the night shots in particular
look really good now the main feature of
the note 10 and the note 10 plus is the
s-pen and this year it's been improved
they've added some gyros in here so it's
got more features and stuff this is the
best feature of the phone and it's the
most unique feature of the note lineup
but whether or not you can fit it into
your life or your workflow is entirely
dependent on you and you have like your
regular note-taking stuff you have the
remote shutter stuff for the camera they
also have gesture controls which
honestly feel a little gimmicky to me I
don't ever see myself using the gestures
to navigate around instead of
swiping or tapping on the screen they
also have an SDK which I honestly think
is just super ambitious for Samsung to
think that some developer is going to
make a niche app have niche controls for
those like few people that have this
particular S Pen to navigate in their
apps like I don't know I don't think
that's kind of happen anytime soon but
the pen is fantastic now if you're
someone who's been interested in the
idea of a pen based phone like the notes
in the past but you've been turned off
by its size I think
the regular note 10 this year is like
you just got to take a look at it when I
picked this up for the first time I
realized why they made the smaller note
10 the big boy Note 10 plus if we've
seen this form factor for years like
that big phone with the pen it suits a
lot of people just fine but I think a
lot of people are turned off by its size
a lot of people are just intimidated by
how big this phone is like it does it
fit in your pocket this is like it's big
it's even bigger than the 1 + 7 Pro
which is already a giant phone this fits
in most people's hands just a lot more
comfortably and I much prefer the
ergonomics on the smaller note 10 than
the big one despite its technical
shortcomings now the last I want to talk
about is price because you cannot talk
about the most expensive Samsung
flagship without discussion about the
price these start at 950 for the small
one and 1100 for the plus and the
presence and availability of the s10 and
the note 9 from last year really affect
how I view these in terms of value
obviously we just really want the latest
and greatest note you're just gonna get
one I think the one that's special the
one that's most unique is the smaller
one that the note 10 even with its
lowered specs is something that just did
not exist before it just offers an
experience that you can't get with any
of the older phones you have to spend
the big money to get this small phone
with the s-pen okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]